Added Azure.KeyVault.RBAC (#2243)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.KeyVault.RBAC.md

---
severity: Awareness

> pillar: Security 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pillar: Security
```

To deploy Key Vaults that pass this rule:

- Set the `properties.enableRbacAuthorization` property to `true`.

For example:

```json
{
    "type": "Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults",
    "apiVersion": "2022-07-01",
    "name": "[parameters('name')]",
    "location": "[parameters('location')]",
    "properties": {
        "sku": {
            "family": "A",
            "name": "standard"
        },
        "tenantId": "[subscription().tenantId]",
        "enableRbacAuthorization": true
    }
}
```

### Configure with Bicep

To deploy Key Vaults that pass this rule:

- Set the `properties.enableRbacAuthorization` property to `true`.

For example:

```bicep
resource vault 'Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults@2022-07-01' = {
  name: name
  location: location
  properties: {
    sku: {
      family: 'A'
      name: 'standard'
    }
    tenantId: subscription().tenantId
    enableRbacAuthorization: true
  }
}
```

### Configure with Azure CLI

```bash
az keyvault update -n '<name>' -g '<resource_group>' --enable-rbac-authorization
```

### Configure with Azure PowerShell

```powershell
Update-AzKeyVault -ResourceGroupName '<resource_group>' -Name '<name>' -EnableRbacAuthorization
```

## NOTES

> The Azure RBAC permission model has disadvantages when compared to access policies, that might effect e.g infrastructure as code deployments. There are scenarios where Azure RBAC might not be suitable. More about this in the `LINKS` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RBAC permission model may not be suitable for all use cases.
If this rule is not suitable for your use case, you can exclude or suppress the rule.
For information about limitations see _Azure role-based access control vs. access policies_ in the `LINKS` section.
```
